NARRATOR: On their way to
Snowbelle City, our heroes have
decided to camp out for the
evening so they can see the
Litleonid meteor shower on
the night of the new moon.
ASH: I hope I get to see a
shooting star really soon.
PIKACHU: [HOPEFUL]
CLEMONT: Since tonight's a
new moon,
I'm sure we'll get to see
a lot of them!
SERENA: Now of course we'll
all have to make a wish.
BONNIE: What do you mean?
SERENA: They say if you make a
wish when you see a shooting
star, your wish will come true.
BONNIE: Then I'm gonna make
a whole bunch of wishes!
ASH: I think I'll do that, too!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
BONNIE: Nothing so far.
CLEMONT: Relax.
It shouldn't be much longer.
SERENA: Ah, did
you see that one!?
BONNIE: See what?
ASH: I missed it?
How could that be possible?
CLEMONT: Don't worry.
There'll be another soon.
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
ASH: Wow
SERENA: Is everyone ready
to make their wish now?
ASH: Let's seeI hope
I meet lots of strong Trainers!
SERENA: I hope I
win my third Princess Key!
BONNIE: I hope I become
a Trainer soon. Uh, and also...
BONNIE: I hope my brother finds
someone who's cute and smart to
take care of him and SOON!
CLEMONT: Bonnie?!
BONNIE: Now you'd better
hurry and make a wish, too!
CLEMONT: All right.
So then what do I wish for?
How about that
everyone's wishes come true!
BONNIE: Uh Clemont? You
could've come up with something
a little more original
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
(I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner)
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
ASH: "Dream a
Little Dream from Me!"
ASH:
I'm so tired! Good night!
ASH: Clemont,
what've you got there?
CLEMONT: Oh this? I invented an
amazing alarm clock that's
guaranteed to wake us all up!
So that way we'll be certain
to make an early start!
ASH: AhI can't wait
to try it out.
DEDENNE: [SLEEPING]/[SNORING]
SQUISHY: [ANNOYED]
DEDENNE: [SNORING]
SQUISHY: [SLEEPY]
SQUISHY: [HOPPING]
MEOWTH: These guys are sawing
so many logs, I can't sleep!
MEOWTH: One Mareep...
MEOWTH: Two Mareep, three
Mareep , four Mareep,
five Mareep, six Mareep,
seven Mareep, eight Mareep
SQUISHY:
[INVESTIGATING]/[SATISFIED]
PIKACHU: [SLEEPY]
ASH: I can't eat any more...
PIKACHU: [YAWN]/[COMPLAINING]
PIKACHU:
[CONTENT]/[DISAPPOINTED]
MEOWTH: One hundred five,
skipping ten thousand to ten
thousand one hundred six, ten
thousand one hundred seven,
ten thousand one hundred
eight...
MAN they're heavy!!
MEOWTH: Oy. It was all just a
dream. I thought I was
being squished by a mountain of
Mareep. I could sure use some
water. Why am I so thirsty?
MEOWTH: I'm sure
I saw a river nearby...
PIKACHU: [SATISFIED]
DIGGERSBY: Pikachu?!
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
DIGGERSBY: Good morning!
PIKACHU: [ALARMED]
FROAKIE: Boy oh boy
I sure am thirsty.
DELPHOX: Yeah, me, too.
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
DIGGERSBY: What're you talking
about? Remember? It's me!
PIKACHU: [ALARMED]
FROAKIE: What's wrong, Pikachu?
You have a fever?
Not training enough, maybe?
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
DELPHOX: What are
you talking about?
We've always been able to speak.
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
FROAKIE: Come on.
Stop with the goofing around.
DELPHOX: Pikachu's weird.
DIGGERSBY: I think
it's still half‐asleep.
PIKACHU: [PANICKED YELLING]
MEOWTH: There's something
screwy going on around here.
This is wack! I gotta go!
PIKACHU: [UPSET]
PIKACHU: [INSISTENT]
ASH: [FROAKIE SOUNDS]
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
PIKACHU: [PANICKED YELLING]
MEOWTH: What's going ON?!
Jessie, Come on,
people! Come on,
wake up, wake up!!
MEOWTH: The Twerps' Pokémon are
evolving and changing, and
that's not all! They're
blabbing away like they're a
bunch of dumb human beings!
JESSIE: [WOBBUFFET SOUNDS]
JAMES: [INKAY SOUNDS]
MEOWTH: Come on! This's no
time for fooling around!
JESSIE: [WOBBUFFET SOUNDS]
JAMES: [INKAY SOUNDS]
MEOWTH: Those two are
acting like they're nuttier
than they already ARE!
JESSIE: [WOBBUFFET SOUNDS]
JAMES: [INKAY SOUNDS]
PIKACHU: [SCARED]
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
MEOWTH: Hold on.
You're not acting wacky.
MEOWTH: You're the
same dopey Pikachu
you always are.
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MEOWTH: Everyone else
is acting totally nuts!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MEOWTH: [SURPRISED]
PIKACHU: [GREETING]
MEOWTH: Hey, what's up,
little buddy?
SQUISHY: 'Tis the man's
Pikachu and the Meowth
from Team Rocket.
PIKACHU: [STARTLED]
MEOWTH: The green
slime can talk, too!
SQUISHY: My, my, does
that astonish you?
You, who is able
to speak as well?
MEOWTH: Hey, I've been
speaking a long time.
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
MEOWTH: I give.
What's that about?
SQUISHY: It's been
chasing me around.
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
SQUISHY: Save me at once!
SQUISHY: Come on, run!
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
MEOWTH: I'm running!
PIKACHU: [SCARED]
PIKACHU: [RUNNING]
MEOWTH: I think if we just hand
over Squishy to that creep,
it'll stop chasing us and
we'll be off the hook!
PIKACHU: [NEGATIVE RESPONSE]
PIKACHU: [DODGE]
SQUISHY : Faster, faster!
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
MEOWTH: Oy VEY!
PIKACHU: [RUNNING]
MEOWTH: Now what
are we gonna do?!
We hit a dead end!
SQUISHY: To the other side!
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
MEOWTH: I really don't
like getting my paws wet
PIKACHU: [URGENT]
MEOWTH: Don't leave
me, palley! Slow it DOWN!
PIKACHU: [RUNNING]
SQUISHY: Well done.
I praise you both,
young man's Pikachu and the
Meowth from Team Rocket!
PIKACHU: [INQUIRING]
MEOWTH: Do you know anything
about that flaming bully?
SQUISHY: I said
it's trying to catch me.
MEOWTH: Yeah,
I got that already.
But why does it wanna catch you?
SQUISHY: I have no idea. But one
thing is for certain. Something
unsavory is about to occur!
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
MEOWTH: I don't know what
language you're speaking,
but it sure isn't mine
SQUISHY: What I want...
SQUISHY: is to
be taken back home!
MEOWTH: Home?
What do you mean by home?
SQUISHY: Listen!
My power has not yet returned.
If it does,
the order of Kalos will
be thrown into disarray!
MEOWTH: I've got no idea what
you're yapping about, pal.
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
SQUISHY:
I understand. Touch me.
MEOWTH: [CONFUSED]
PIKACHU: [RELUCTANT]
PIKACHU: [SCARED DREAMING]
PIKACHU: [PANICKED YELLING]
ASH: Whoa, Pikachu!
Stop! You're asleep!
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
ASH: You okay?
CLEMONT: It sounds to me
like Pikachu had a bad dream.
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
SERENA: What's wrong,
Pikachu? You're awake!
DEDENNE: [SLEEPING]
BONNIE: Look!
SERENA: Oh no!
Squishy's missing!
BONNIE: Do you have any idea
where Squishy went, Dedenne?
DEDENNE: [CONFUSED]
DEDENNE: [NEGATIVE RESPONSE]
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
ASH: What's
wrong, Pikachu? Hey, stop!
SERENA: I think Pikachu
went to look for Squishy.
CLEMONT: Let's go
have a look, too! Come on!
FROGADIER: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JAMES: Now what's
going on, old chum??
JESSIE: Have you been
having a bad dream?
MEOWTH: And how! Squishy
and I were being chased
by some weird fire monster!
JESSIE: But since it
was a dream,
why not take a deep
breath and relax?
MEOWTH: STOP!!
MEOWTH: No way it could've
been a stinkin' dream!
It was as real as I am!
MEOWTH: Oh, yeah.
I gotta find Squishy!
SQUISHY: [SLEEPING]
ASH: Pikachu! Where are you?!
BONNIE: Hey, Squishy?!
Where'd you go?!
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
MEOWTH: I know it's this way!
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
MEOWTH: That place in the dream,
I think it's around here.
PIKACHU: [IMPACT GRUNT]/[DIZZY]
ASH: "Who's that Pokémon?"
ASH: "It's Darkrai!"
PIKACHU: [DISORIENTED]
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
MEOWTH: P‐Pikachu!
MEOWTH: It's
the same as before!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MEOWTH: And that means
You‐know‐who's gonna show up!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SQUISHY: [GREETING]
MEOWTH: You see?! I knew it!
PIKACHU: [AMAZED]
MEOWTH: Now I've gotta figure
out if this
is a dream or the real deal
SQUISHY: You!! Where were you?!
We need to run!!
MEOWTH: So, is that thing
gonna show its flames again?
SQUISHY: Of course!
We have to hurry!
MEOWTH: Yipes! There's
that big ball of fire!
PIKACHU: [SCARED]
MEOWTH: MOVE IT!
MEOWTH: Please, oh please
let this be a dream!
MEOWTH: Somebody help us OUT!
MEOWTH: Hey
PIKACHU: [CURIOUS]
MEOWTH: It looks like
it gave up.
Yes! Now I can
catch up on some breathing.
PIKACHU: [RELIEVED]
SQUISHY: Don't
get too comfortable.
Let's get somewhere safe!
SQUISHY: It could come
for us at any time!
MEOWTH:
You don't relax much, do you?
MEOWTH: Whoa,
check out that mess
You think that flaming
lunatic did all of this?
SQUISHY: I can't believe
it would do this just
to catch me...
MEOWTH: Wow that's crazy?!
PIKACHU: [AMAZED]
MEOWTH: Hey,
what are you anyway?
SQUISHY: I am I.
MEOWTH: Well,
you're an amazing I!
SQUISHY: Forget all
that! Let's get moving!
SQUISHY: Once we
get through the forest,
my home is very close!
PIKACHU: [RUNNING]
MEOWTH: We made it out!
PIKACHU: [RELIEVED]
MEOWTH: There's something
suspicious about those clouds
SQUISHY: Yes, it's coming
without a doubt. Let's hurry!
MEOWTH: Wait. If that
happens, you can just turn
into that powerful you...
MEOWTH: You could beat
it just like it was a
big nothing, right?
SQUISHY: If I don't get
back home, I can't transform!
SQUISHY: But as long as we get
there in time, I promise you
there's nothing to fear!
MEOWTH: Okay, let's put the
pedal to the metal!
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
PIKACHU: [RUNNING]/[SURPRISED]
SQUISHY: Stop here!!
MEOWTH: Hey! How could
that have happened?
MEOWTH: It beat us here!
PIKACHU: [NERVOUS]
SQUISHY: We have
no choice but to fight!
MEOWTH: So how are we
supposed to fight fire‐
‐with fire?! There's no
weirdo like a burning weirdo!
SQUISHY:Come on, move!
MEOWTH: Don't be pushy!
MEOWTH: Hot! Hot,
hot! Hot, hot, hot!
PIKACHU: [CONCERNED]
MEOWTH: Thanks
for asking, but I'm not.
PIKACHU: [REASSURING]
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
SQUISHY: Right!
PIKACHU: [QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
PIKACHU: [FRANTIC]
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
PIKACHU: [DODGE]
PIKACHU: [SCARED]
FROAKIE: Pikachu!
FROAKIE: Please do
forgive our late arrival.
DELPHOX: I promise you
can leave the rest to us!
DIGGERSBY: We'll do the
battling from here on!
PIKACHU: [GRATEFUL]
FROAKIE: Take that! Water Pulse!
DELPHOX: Flamethrower!
SQUISHY: Excellent! Good job!
PIKACHU: [CHEERING]
DIGGERSBY: Double Slap!
BUNNELBY: This isn't working!
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
PANCHAM: Don't you worry!
We'll help!
CHESPIN: Pancham and I will
take over from here!
PANCHAM: Hey!! That's not right!
PANGORO: Stop eating my food!!
CHESPIN: There's plenty to eat!
So what's the
big deal, cheapskate?!
PANGORO: Let's settle
this by having a battle!
CHESNAUGHT: You're on! Bring it!
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
CHESNAUGHT: Hey, what's the
matter, Pikachu?
Can't you evolve?
PIKACHU: [NEGATIVE RESPONSE]
PANGORO: Pikachu says no.
CHESNAUGHT: Well, I'll be
PIKACHU: [SCARED]
PANGORO: Look, we'll
battle after we take care
of that hot head!
CHESNAUGHT: Okay!
CHESNAUGHT: Pin Missile!
PANGORO: Dark Pulse!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
MEOWTH: All right!
All right! All right!
SQUISHY: Good show!
MEOWTH: Yeah! That's
showing it the old pepper!
PIKACHU: [STERN]
FLAMES X6: [APOLOGETIC]
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
MEOWTH: Hold the phone.
What's that noise?
SQUISHY:
[DISORIENTED]/[STARTLED]
MEOWTH: [DISORIENTED]
MEOWTH:
This is where we started
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
MEOWTH:
Does that mean this is reality?!
ASH: An explosion
FROGADIER: [AMAZED]
SERENA: Bonnie,
did you hear that?
BRAIXEN: [CONFUSED]
JESSIE: That was one big
bang of a bang boom.
JAMES: Hold on.
Was your stomach growling?
JESSIE: Don't be dumber
than you already are!
MEOWTH: Jessie! James!
JESSIE: It's Meowth! Where
in the world have you been?
MEOWTH:
I was in crazytown!
MEOWTH: This fiery monster tried
to get us! And the Pokémon were
all talking like people do! And
those lugs could evolve when
they wanted!
I can't take any more!
JAMES: You know?
You've been working too
hard, old chum. Yes! Delirious!
JESSIE: I think you
should go back to sleep.
MEOWTH: I DON'T DO SLEEP!!
MEOWTH: No. I don't
want that dream again!
SERENA: Well I guess it
must've been the sound
of your alarm clock.
CLEMONT: I don't think
I can handle another failure...
ASH: Wait, it sure would've
woken us up, wouldn't it?
BONNIE: I found Squishy!
SQUISHY: [DISORIENTED]
ASH: So that's where you were...
SQUISHY: [RELIEVED]
BONNIE: Squishy, please don't go
running off like that anymore.
ASH: That's Darkrai!
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
ASH:Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [RELIEVED]
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
DARKRAI: [GROWL]
CLEMONT: Maybe Darkrai was
behind Pikachu's dream.
Yeah, maybe it created
the whole thing.
PIKACHU: [RELIEVED]
ASH: So what was
your dream anyway?
PIKACHU: [EMBARRASSED]
SQUISHY: [CONSIDERING]
PIKACHU: [YAWN]
NARRATOR: Because of
Darkrai's mysterious power,
Pikachu and Meowth became part
of Squishy's dream. Thankfully,
they were awakened because of
Clemont's loud, yet effective,
invention. But now the sun is
up, and the journey continues!